Hey, good morning, family. How are y'all
doing today? Well, I have some things on
my heart to talk to you about. I saw
some things in the spirit, and I'm
going to talk to you about it.
First off, I just want to say
thank you for all your support,
the likes, the subscriptions, all of
it. It is a blessing to our family, and we
just want to say thank you, because
you are helping get the gospel spread
throughout the whole world. Literally,
people's lives are being changed, and I
just want to say thank you. All I
know is that God put me on here and
He told me to come and tell you all the
things that are heavy in the
spirit that we can pray about. Some
things we can stop, some things we can't,
but I know beyond a shadow of a doubt
Jesus is coming, and He's coming soon.
So I want you to be looking up, for your
redemption draws nigh.
Late
last night, I was praying and I
saw a video that Perry Stone put out.
There
are
a lot of times I'm
praying and seeing
stuff and I'm like, 'Lord, is there anybody
else seeing anything? Is there anybody
else having warnings about what's coming
other than me?'I don't want to be
a lone ranger out there, and I want
to know that there are other prophetic
confirmations
about what's coming and about
warnings. I clicked on
the video to see what Perry Stone said
the Lord showed him. In that video,
which I'm going to show you a little
clip of right here—to protect this man, I
will never tell you what state he's in,
what city he's in, or who he is—he said
the same person who reported that, and it
was accurate two weeks later, has said
the next attack
is going to be the power grid
in the United States. The US grid, and
I've seen many articles on this, is
extremely vulnerable to
cyberattacks.
This person has stated from his
information there will be an attack
coming somewhere between August and the
election. People are talking about an
October surprise; maybe this is the
October surprise, I don't know, but it
will happen at some point. If it doesn't
happen this year, this is absolutely
going to happen.
So you all
see what he's saying? He has a warning
from the Holy Ghost, it sounds like, from
this man. I don't know who that man
was, he doesn't even say, but it's a warning
about them attacking the power grid
from August to the elections
in
certain cities. I saw
Philadelphia, I saw Chicago, I saw New
York. I saw major
cities going without power for three
weeks. The Lord warned me to prepare and to tell you all. He's saying that this guy from the dark web is saying it
would be
three weeks, just like
the Lord showed me. Sit and ask yourself:
how would my family, my grandbabies, and I
survive if we had to go two to three
weeks without electricity? Because it's
very possible in some places that
an
outage could last that
long. I got that in prayer. I
don't have secret intel, I don't work
for the CIA. People ask me if I work for
the CIA; I work for the Holy Spirit, and
He will show you things to come
and He will warn you so that you're not
caught off guard. He always comes to His
people and warns them if you're
close to Him. It's not just about me, it's
about the body of Christ. It's about you
building
a relationship with the Lord. He
wants to talk to you and tell you things
to come. I'm nothing special; I
want you to understand that He comes and
talks to me because I've developed a
relationship with Him. So, He will
tell me things and He warns me of a
lot.
I usually say if the Lord
hasn't
said anything, I
take it that it's not going to happen.
Does that make sense?
Because
we are that close. I just believe
with all my heart He's going to warn me,
and if He doesn't say it, I don't believe
it's coming in that area. If He warns me
it's coming, that means He wants me to
pray about it so we can stop it.
When Perry Stone came out and said
this and warned about the three weeks of
power outage, it went alongside what
the Holy Spirit warned me to tell
you all.
Let every word be
established. There's something
going on with the power grid. I told
you all I believe if you are a person
who has to have electricity
for
medical equipment or whatever, that you should try,
if you can, to get some kind
of solar power from Amazon.
That would help
you
charge your equipment
and
devices. Then
the Lord showed me
three-phase
power
generators—like
gasoline, propane, and natural gas
generators—that
would sustain
long-term
power. It would not run out of
fuel
because
gas stations
and
banks would be closed during
these
power outages.
It was a serious situation that they
were going to try to do. He was
even talking about an October surprise.
Now, is it the October surprise? I told
you all I believe there's a major event
going to take place in October.
I'm still praying over it.
If it comes and goes and nothing
happens, it's because we're praying over it.
That's what the
Lord's called me to do. I am on
this channel to pray that
things don't happen. When the Lord warns
you of a tragic event coming, we
want to be able to
use our authority and pray against
things to stop them.
This is what I saw in the spirit
concerning the economy.
I saw the dam again, and the
Lord showed me it looked like
the
Hoover Dam. It was a massive dam
that
said 'United States of America'with
'Economy'written
on the side in black
letters. Remember I
told you I've seen it twice?
There were all these
fifty-gallon
drums stacked up with
'Dollar Crash'written on the
side. Well, this
time the Lord showed me the
dam had cracks all in the
front of it. Some of them were
big stress cracks, some of them were
pin-fine
cracks, but there was a center
place in the middle of the dam and, all
of a sudden, it was like
spider-webbing
out, splitting
all around the center
and
splintering out.
Some were big and
were leaking that sludge.
It was nasty; you could see
putrid, gross,
stinky stuff coming out of those
cracks in this United States
Economy Dam. The Lord showed me
that dam is starting to get stress
cracks and starting to break. Now, some
people say, 'Do you believe this is
going to happen in
2025?'I
hear in part and I see in part. What
I perceive
in the spirit is
something that is coming, like imminent. I
believe
2025 has the potential to be a very dark
year.
I've seen a great
storm coming
after the elections. I said
something will take place in
October and, like I said, if we
change things in the spirit, I don't
know—people
say that's a cop-out, but no, I'm
just telling you what I see and
pray about.
I've seen 2025 as being a very dark year.
Regarding
the timing,
I saw a supernatural wealth
transfer coming for the body of Christ
before the natural stuff
happened over the economy.
The Lord said, 'I will always take
care of my beloved.'For the remnant who
are listening, He will speak
to them and show them things to
invest in and what to do with their money to
protect it.
He would supply and take care of
His kids. But I'm trying to warn you all that
there are
very hard days
coming
for some, and there will
be people that will not make it. I'm
telling you, a major war is
fixing to break out. We are about to
see a major World War start up,
and it's going to be
very bad. A lot of people are going to
die. People don't
want to hear that, and they say we're going
to be out of here with the Rapture. I
pray you're right, but from what I have
seen, we're still here
for some of this stuff.
There
are
more people than
just me
warning about this. I
want you to listen to this word that Diana
is
about to give you.
Hi everybody,
Diana here, Brandon's wife. I'm
just going to read this.
The Lord spoke to me
again today and He said to warn America
again: these Islamic terrorists will only
stop when they are killed. They have been
brainwashed from infancy.
This will force the hand of
Israel and even the USA into war. In my
opinion, the Psalm 83 Obadiah war is on
our doorstep now and cannot be held back
much longer. The war will change our
world. These
present Middle East conflicts will
escalate rapidly if not held back by
God's mercy, and we will soon be in a
full-scale
war. Soon Israel will attack
Iran to destroy their nuclear
capabilities. Iran will also strike back.
This will also hit us in America, not
just the Middle East. There will be
terrorism here in America as well, with
both murder and destruction of property.
The House of Esau Edom will be destroyed
by God, as it is written by the
prophet Obadiah and other prophets in
the
Scriptures. Damascus will be
destroyed very soon according to Isaiah
17. Obadiah wrote as they have spoken
against Israel, so shall it be done to
them. But this will involve much
collateral damage both in Israel and
America. We will be shaken to the core in
the West, both economically and
spiritually. God must allow this to
awaken the church and bring about
national repentance in both America and
Israel. Prayer warriors, pray for
protection of Israel, especially Tel Aviv.
I saw an attempted chemical attack there
in a vision today. Pray also for
protection in America's major cities.
God is separating cities and places of
refuge where He will supernaturally
protect and provide for His people. Make
sure that you are exactly where God
wants you, dear saints of God.
Riots
igniting racism will begin in other
places than just Missouri when food and
water become harder to get. Beloved, wake
up! Yeshua is coming for His bride very soon.
When Yeshua came to me in November of
1989, He gave me a panoramic vision
download of the future. One of the things
He told me was: 'I have given the United
States of America and the Western nation
70 years of grace, peace, and prosperity
that is unparalleled in all history. This
is because of what you did for my people
in World War II by defeating Hitler and
the Nazi regime. When the 70 years have
finished, there will be the final
judgments to come upon the
earth.'I
have not been allowed to state
this with this clarity and boldness
until now. It has been locked in my heart.
I have written about it in a veiled way
in the past, but
now I can openly say the Lord spoke
those words to me personally. We just
passed the 70th anniversary of the world
war victory of World War II. Lord, I have
been faithful by your grace to
obediently write what you commanded me
today.
I want you to go back to this
about the
chemical
attack
in
Tel Aviv.
I saw
50-gallon
drums
coming out of the mountains,
and the Lord warned
me they were going to use a chemical
attack.
I know that the Lord showed
me that they
were hiding them in Damascus.
I think it's interesting
that this person is seeing
the exact same thing—a type and shadow.
Again, we hear in part and we see in part. The
Lord is warning His prophetic voices to
pray against
this.
I saw
blisters all over these people's
hands—the
children, the women, all of them.
It
was a surprise thing; nobody was
expecting it. It came out of the
mountains in Iran. Pray
also for protection in America's major
cities. Now God is separating cities and
places of refuge where He will
supernaturally provide for
His people. Make sure you are
exactly where God wants you.
Riots igniting racism will begin
in other places when
food and water become harder to get.
What did I warn
you all about? I told you all about
food lines
miles long.
Here is another prophetic
warning about food
shortages. This is
so spot-on from what the
Lord showed me; it's
another piece of the
puzzle.
Another
thing—read
this part again.
We just passed
the 70th anniversary of the
victory of World War II.
So, it's 70 years. The
Lord said He was giving us a special
blessing, and that ended
recently.
Look
at the patterns of the grace period
that God has given America.
Brandon, America will not be a goat
nation, they will be a sheep nation.
He said there will be a shaking to
awaken. He said a lot of people will
call this a great Ichabod, that
the glory has
departed, but it is not a great Ichabod. He
said it is a time to awaken. The
bride is awakening the church, and
I'm telling you all I believe very
sobering days are coming to the
body of Christ, waking
them up for one last call and one last push
for an outpouring of the Spirit of God
with arbor churches,
brush arbor churches, where they will
have great revival.
I'm talking
about a pure Holy Ghost fire,
a separation unto God.
Everybody says, 'Trump's going to come
and he's going to save America,
everything's going to be
okay.'I'm
telling you
now, by the Spirit of God, there
is no man that will save America other
than the Lord Jesus Christ. It will be an
awakening unto God that saves America.
There will not be anybody in Congress or
the
Senate that will stop what
I
saw coming. It will
only be by the grace and the mercy of
God and a great
revival—preachers
preaching repentance,
holiness, and separation.
We are called to be
the light of the earth
and
the salt, not to be lukewarm. He
said if you're lukewarm, He would spew you
out of His mouth.
There's a
separation coming. You are either on the
right side or you're on the other side.
There will be a
great falling away in the midst of this. Some
will say,
'I thought I served
God the whole
time,'but
no, you were lukewarm.
You thought you could
ride the fence. Woe unto you that
think they can ride the fence and not be
on fire for Jesus. You
have got to get your house in order.
We
are
not bowing down to
Baal.
We will worship Jesus in
this house. We are not
ashamed of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I
believe with all my heart in the baptism of
the Holy Spirit with tongues and praying
with fire. I believe in
healing,
deliverance,
and
casting out devils. Freely it's been
given, and freely I give it out. That's why I
never ask for a dime.
Jesus is
coming soon, and you all
need to have your hearts ready
because we're running out of time.
I've told you
three voices tonight: Perry Stone,
this man Maurice,
and
me.
That's
biblical, to bring out three
people
who
are hearing that something is coming.
A great storm is coming.
It's not a call to fear; it's a call
to
prayer, to get right
before the Father and get ready for His
great harvest of souls.
Let's pray
right now together for
your family members to come to Jesus.
The
Lord
took care of the lilies of
the field and the sparrows;
He loves you and He's going to provide
for you.
If
you've
been away for a
long time, it doesn't matter. The moment you
come back to Him, just like the
prodigal
son, He ran back and killed His fatted
calf for him. He gave him a beautiful
robe. Jesus is waiting
on you today.
You may say,
'I've messed up
too bad,'but that son
was wallowing in the pigs. He
spent all his dad's fortune
and
thought he couldn't even go back.
But his daddy was waiting
there with his arms wide
open. The Father's waiting on
you.
When
you sin, don't run away from Him. He knew
you were going to
mess up before
you even did it.
The moment we repent, He casts
our sin into
the sea
of forgetfulness.
So say this prayer after me:
Father, I've messed up. I'm
wayward.
I ask you to forgive me. I want you
to cleanse me by your
blood. Thank you that my name is
written in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
I
want to come home again.
Just wait on Him;
He'll say, 'Welcome
home.'We
need to know that Jesus
loves us today.
For
those
who
are wayward, run to Jesus.
I'm so unworthy of His love because
I've been a
knucklehead a
lot, and He's such an awesome God.
I'm
going to pray for
healing in your bodies.
Jesus took it all on
the cross for you to walk in
divine health.
By His stripes you are healed.
Father, I thank you right now
for healing in their
bodies.
We
thank you
that you
deliver us from
addictions.
Strongholds with
the
mind—PTSD,
schizophrenia, bipolar
disorder—it
doesn't matter. Jesus paid the price for
you to walk in victory.
We
call
their
marriages
restored.
We believe
that
today
the
wayward
children are coming home and the
wayward people are coming back to You.
For
whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
I call their minds free in
Jesus'name.
They are
no longer bound by demonic
forces.
I
wanted to show you more people
talking about these things, not
to scare you but to prepare you.
Put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves you so much.
God bless you all.